we are backstage here with The Band
Perry on The Band Perry tour bus very
nice thank you from my sister house on
wheels you probably have been seeing a
lot of this over the last year year and
a half haven't you you know it's funny
our time zone right now are sort of more
scattered episodes than anything else
and it's impossible for me to fall sleep
in my own bed at home but we figured
that we were home only 19 days back in
2000 I did it - but you said I made yeah
I meant to try and figure out my figure
I don't have nine fingers
what's the other one the other so it
hasn't quite where our bunks are right
through this door
camera camera fan run into that door and
I feel like we sleep better on those
than we do but we just upgraded to our
second bus we had 12 people on one bus
so now we've got two which makes a lot a
lot nicer it is I've got the twelve
people on one bus made for some fun
stories so you still talk about to this
day yes and other than my mother was the
only girl on that bus with lots of dirty
boys or day know everyone's pretty we're
classy very hygienic
well our band is on the bus along with
our road crew and our tour manager and I
think they were happy to to boot as to
her they're really happy to have one to
themselves your song if I die young is
now getting a lot of play on radio on
pop radio and what does that like for
you are you pop music fans do you
appreciate the occasional Gaga tune what
we yes i'm gaga for gaga yeah I actually
met currently loving an Eminem as well
so we do a minute when we were growing
up our parents kind of wore our radio
like our dad was the rock-and-roll lover
and our mother was the country music fan
she also loved Michael Jackson so she
was
like kind of an R&B and country fan and
so I feel like we listen to all these
different sounds as well as bluegrass
that's right I'm Neal plays - mandolin
and so even growing up some of our
earliest musical memories where our
parents plan such a variety of music and
our dad actually used to put us to sleep
singing Rolling Stone songs I was a very
favorite rock and roll band so I think
we have everything on our iPod like you
know everybody does and and we try to
mix in a lot of different elements into
our songs you know if I know young has
been a really special song to be a part
of for a couple reasons first of all
it's helped people actually put the band
perry's name with our faces with the
song I mean it truly has been one that's
been our giant hello to music but the
other half of it it's been such an honor
to be a part of his that it's been a
song that's meant so much to so many
different people whether they just lost
somebody the song kind of came and felt
like a warm blanket wrap it around them
through that time or for other people I
think it's just really challenged them
to think a little bit differently I mean
we wrote it more about life than death
to be honest and just out of a heart and
spirit of contentment and this whole
idea of hey it all is at this moment
we're pretty pretty happy with what
we've gotten to do thus far and so
that's really the statement of that song
from from our hearts and I really think
that's why it's been so transcendent I
mean two year-olds love if I die on our
80 year old grandmother and her friends
love it too and I just think there's
just a special spirit about it I mean on
the video the YouTube video the
video it's really amazing it's got like
20,000 comments of people just putting
their stories on there so it's really
cool to go in and read those comments
speaking of YouTube there's a lot of
covers out there - do you have any
favorites that you've come across you
know they're they're all our favorites
like it never ceases to amaze me how
this little piece of music that we wrote
in our basement would drive somebody
sometimes even pick up a guitar learn
the four chords in the song just so that
they could could sing it and we've
actually done a couple of video montages
where we pulled together some of the
YouTube performances kind of when we're
if you have been going after awards and
stuff like that and it's just been so
special to have people learn our music I
don't think it gets any better than that
it's really cool thing I hear that
sometimes when you're at fan events
Kimberley girls push you out of the way
to get up close and personal with your
brother so last night we actually where
where were we last night I came to
Moines Iowa and you can separate Iowa we
were in Idaho boy voice yeah you said we
were there
anyway anyway story thing that a last
person line actually did kick nil and I
out of the out of the picture I think
you may have heard that story I fell so
Danny felt something cuz usually these
days my favorite or when the girls come
through in there like hey Kimberly we
love it can you just kind of move out of
the picture and then they're like
actually could you just take the picture
and the boys so I love it I mean I think
we're all pretty protective of each
other our jobs you know you guys have
been getting a lot of giving a lot of
kisses yeah notice the sign lines
now which one is the cougar magnet Rita
Rita vinegar bag and I think it's
because his haircut is more like kind of
like a 70s Rose kind of shaggy Jack
many Italians who are like diehard
rock-and-roll fans just a hair all of
this Herrin so it's they're like
reliving take some para but Neil however
hit most of the girls who are in love
with me I still plan on seesaws on the
playground
I think killing is nothing wrong with
cecil's so something for the moms and
the kids job Orson this alright three
will go on a doubled sudden care like in
you a date the brothers you you guys
play multiple instruments multiple
talents are there any talents that fans
may not be aware of hidden talents tell
us a maybe haven't figured out a way to
make money with yet Neil always wanted
to do and never could because we had him
on a drum kit like immediately he has
always wanted to uh exercise his acting
chops and so my whole life is an act on
the head this is true so he's really
good at impressions oh do you do like
who's your best Gollum from Lord Rings
there I said it
well now you got to do it alright well
I'm so creepy to make it that let's just
not make noises
let's move that's actually really good
person comes out of you know it kind of
like the hair my arms standing up Gary
don't do that yeah I can climb up walls
like it no please don't demonstrate that
and your hidden talents
hi you know what actually I can't
demonstrate this on camera but I like to
bake yeah I'm most focused on know that
if I didn't do music everybody to be a
private investigator
cuz I'm going to sneak there or or a
baker
she's I think she's better at snooping
than baking but Henry it's hidden talent
well he's a horseman yeah I do ride
horses actually um dressage and western
pleasure as well so that would be my
hitting town although I am pretty good
at debating which sometimes they it's
alright what you can't turn that into
money if you ever go into you know being
lawyer or politics yeah nobody's gonna
pay him darn you say they're not gonna
be the president or United States are
you well I know I need to wrap up so you
guys can go out and do your show you
having good times out here with Tim
McGraw yes we are you know Tim invited
us out in a summer tour and so it's been
a really wonderful time warming at the
stage for that guy he's not only a
country music icon but you know it's
like an icon in America the guy's an
actor right so he and Neil are really
connected are you getting tips from him
Neil yeah I think we're going to do a
movie together
what's it called on called me yeah my
life now where I'm the best time my
favorite part is just traveling all
different parts of the country and you
know right here in Oregon I think we're
just going to actually stay we do like
area the Pacific Northwest is one of our
very favorite parks the world so have
you been able to do anything fun I've
been able to even see outside of this
tour bus Sam Taunton yeah not really you
know sometimes we'll be able to get out
maybe go get lunch but we're kind of
making a list we've got our places to
come back and visit and also to have
writing retreats and it seems like the
best place in the whole world to do that
so we highly recommend it for that so
very it inspires a lot of creative I
love it yeah well thank you once again
guys and have a fantastic show and hope
to see you again soon I know you're Thea